(Yuya)
Previously
on "Yu‐Gi‐Oh! ARC‐V."
(Zuzu)
Iggy was runner up last year,
and this year he looks even
tougher.
Here we go!
Let's duel!
I Fusion Summon
Idaten, the Conqueror Star.
(Iggy)
Attack Beast‐Eyes
Pendulum Dragon.
The path of darkness is the only
possible road to victory.
Uhh!
I Xyz Summon
Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon!
(Shay, thinking)
How does he have
Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon?
That monster belongs to Yuto,
not him.
Show no mercy.
Decimate Idaten, the Conqueror
Star!
Mauling Mandible Charge.
Aah!
(Nico Smiley) The
winner is Yuya Sakaki.
Yuya is seeming scary.
Yeah, something's off.
I may have won,
but why do I feel
like I lost?
♪ (Hey hey)
Can you feel the power? ♪
♪ You vs. me,
competition for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best,
one day you make history ♪
♪ Swing into action ♪
♪ Are you ready to play? ♪
♪ Challenge anyone anywhere
(Go) ♪
♪ Any day
(C'mon) ♪
♪ You wanna take a chance? ♪
♪ Go ahead and roll the dice
(Okay) ♪
♪ See if it's in your cards ♪
♪ If you will
pay the price ♪
♪ Activate the spell,
let your powers come to life ♪
♪ (Go)
It's show time ♪
♪ Who will win the fight? ♪
♪ (Whoa)
I'm ready to duel ♪
♪ Go ahead and make
your move ♪
♪ (Go go go go) ♪
♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn, your tricks,
now what will you choose ♪
♪ (Can you feel the power?) ♪
♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my rules ♪
♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn, your tricks,
now what will you choose ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
(Nico Smiley)
Today's first two Junior
Division duels
were off‐the‐chart insane,
and our next duel...
How did Yuya get a hold
of Yuto's card?
(Declan)
Where do you think you're going?
(Shay)
To confront Yuya.
This isn't the time.
Let me be crystal clear.
You will take no actions that
could interfere
with the ARC League
Championship.
My plan has been implemented
after a significant outlay
of time, money, and effort.
I will not allow you to place
that plan in jeopardy.
Is that understood?
I'll have one of our guards
keep an eye on him
just in case.
(Nico Smiley)
Hold the phone, we have
breaking tournament news.
Today's third duel has been
decided before it even
began.
The duelist, Dipper O'Rion,
representing the Leo
Institute,
failed to appear
for his bout
against the king of the
kitchen, Reed Pepper,
which means that Pepper wins
by default!
Dipper didn't show up?
Mr. President, three hours ago,
we detected an energy burst.
It appears someone in the city
carried out a highly‐powerful
summon.
Using which method?
Fusion, sir.
After pinpointing the area where
the summon occurred,
we obtained this footage
from a security cam.
(Claude)
Dipper.
(Declan)
And it appears he's not alone.
Replay the footage.
(Chief)
Yes, sir.
Stop there and magnify.
(gasps)
I know her.
That's Zuzu Boyle from
the You Show School.
Folks, welcome back to the
ARC League Championship.
As our competition continues,
Zuzu Boyle,
the feisty Fusion duelist,
will tussle with
Micky Starlett,
the princess of pop
whose number one
on the charts
and looking to be number one
on the battlefield!
Go, Zuzu, go!
Win another for You Show!
Best of luck!
Prove zat you are
a Fusion meister.
Hang tough, Zuzu.
(stadium fans)
We love you, Micky.
(all chanting)
We want Micky! We want Mickey!
(Micky)
Sorry, I'm late, but I had so
many autographs to sign.
Let's bring it in Team Micky.
(all)
You're the best Micky.
Lead Team Micky to victory!
(fan)
You're amazing.
Love you!
And I love you!
I have all your albums.
We love you, Micky.
First I want to thank
all my fans
for coming out
and supporting me.
You're the best!
I want to dedicate this duel
to each one of you.
(cheering)
Micky sure knows how
to work a crowd.
She has them practically eating
out of her hand.
But before this duel is over,
I'll win them over to my side.
(Operator A)
Sir, we've located the young
girl who attacked Dipper.
She's at Duel Court One.
(Operator B)
We've also confirmed
that Zuzu Boyle
is scheduled to battle right
now on Duel Court Two.
How can Zuzu be in
two places at once?
Last year's Junior Division
winner, Kev Ravenwood,
is dueling
at Duel Court One.
That's the duel
she's watching.
Then it appears that Ravenwood
is her next target.
Sir?
I'm going to
the arena.
I don't want Shay anywhere
near there, understood?
Certainly.
(Nico Smiley)Here's "hula
hoping" the action we're
watching doesn't let up.
You don't have to worry about
that happening.
Gellenduo, crush that Diva.
Since I have a heart,
I'll end my turn.
Whoa, what a nail‐biter!
Believe me, duel's don't get
any closer than this.
If this were a popularity
contest, I'd win by a landslide.
With star power
and tons of fans on my side.
What do you say?
Can we beat Zuzu together?
Totally!
(cheering)
Two can play
at that game, Micky.
You're all the rage now,
but I'll use my
dueltaining skills to
tilt the crowd my way.
Don't let 'er
get to you, Zuzu.
I'm as fired up as 5,000 fans,
and they're all pulling for you!
Don't forget Gong's
in your corner, too.
Gong can get rowdier
than all those Starlett fans
put together.
(both)
'Cause nothing
can top...
the power of Zuzu Boyle!
Yay!
Yay.
(thinking)
I'm still not sure what
went on in my last duel.
I barely remember what
happened...
but winning never felt so wrong
before.
(female announcer)
This duel was decided by
a perfectly timed Xyz Summon.
Kev Ravenwood used his skills
to "X" out the competition.
(Kev Ravenwood)
Hey, backstage is only
for competitors
still in the
tournament.
Correct you are,
Ravenwood.
Declan?
You may leave now, Ravenwood.
But...
The way you won today
was quite impressive.
I look forward
to your next match.
You won't be disappointed.
Don't move!
Lay off.
(Declan)
Get going now.
Get out of my way.
Just who do you
think you are?
(Barrett)
Let me take care of him.
I'll handle this, Barrett.
No, the Professor gave me orders
to keep an eye on you.
He said if any flies get in your
way, I should swat 'em down.
Is the Professor you just
referred to named Leo Akaba?
Then it seems we have a lot more
in common than you realize.
Seal this area off.
No one is to leave or enter
till I contact you.
(Operator A)
Yes, sir.
(both)
Let's duel.
I have one directive,
to protect,
and that's what I will do.
I now activate the spell card
Beastborg Fusioner.
This spell gives me the power
to Fusion Summon
a Beastborg Monster.
Fusion, just as I expected.
I'm fusing my Panther Warrior
and Dark Sentinel.
They'll form your worst
nightmare.
My new monster will mix the
savagery of a jungle hunter
with the attack strength of
a high‐tech combat machine.
I Fusion Summon the most
dangerous mercenary
you ever faced.
Beastborg Panther Predator!
(Chief)
This matches the signal we
picked up yesterday.
Run a full analysis.
(Barrett)
Panther Predator's special
ability activates.
So you take damage equal to half
its attack points.
Quasar Beam!
Now go ahead
and take your turn.
Show me what you're made of.
Barrett's dueling is about as
subtle as a freight train.
But I must admit,
he gets results.
(Claude)
Mr. President,
our analysis is complete.
Your opponent is definitely
a duelist from the Fusion
Dimension.
Yes, I'm aware of that.
But I need
to find out much more.
To start,
I'll activate a spell.
Dark Contract
with the Swamp King.
And with it,
at the beginning of
my next turn.
This spell card will deal me
1,000 points of damage.
Huh?
So then what would be
the advantage?
Although, it will exact a heavy
price as this duel continues,
I can summon a Fusion monster
without using a Fusion spell.
Watch now as I fuse Double D
Cerberus and Double D Lilith.
(gasps)
I hope a bodyguard
such as yourself
is prepared for any and all
situations
because this duel is about to
get very interesting.
I Fusion Summon.
Come forth and conquer all
Triple D Flame King Genghis.
Now attack.
Flame King Genghis,
take out
Panther Predator with
Scorching Sword Swipe.
Clever, but I'll turn that
tactical maneuver
to my advantage using this.
I play the trap Beastborg
Medal of the Shield!
For every 100 points
of damage I take,
my Shield
is awarded one medal.
Since I lost 400,
I gain four medals.
And even though you destroyed
Panther Predator,
I can still harness its
special ability
to bring back the monsters that
were used to summon it.
Panther Warrior
and Dark Sentinel
are back on the front line.
I see that you have the skills
of battle‐tested soldier.
This should be interesting.
Only a soldier could duel
the way you do, Barrett.
It's evident to me that
you've seen your share
of actual combat.
It's a trip.
Look out!
(explosion)
Like I told everyone else
a billion times,
I've decided to go to the
Standard Dimension.
There's nothing you can do
to stop me.
That never crossed my mind.
I'm going with you, Celina.
All the babysitters I had
in the past always said no.
But you wanna tag along?
(thinking)
I need to prove to myself
I can still fight.
Otherwise, I may never step onto
a battlefield again.
It's time to put the past
in the past.
It's my move!
I activate Beastborg Fusioner!
I fuse Panther Warrior and Dark
Sentinel once again!
And now my Panther Predator's
ready for combat.
And I'm going to get it
primed for attack
by activating the trap
Beastborg Medal of the Shield.
By sending it to the graveyard,
it pumps up Panther Predator's
attack points by 100 for
every medal on the shield.
And to further my tactical
advantage,
I'll activate the trap
Beastborg Medal of the Blade.
For every hundred points of
damage that you take,
my trap will be rewarded
with one medal.
It would appear that you
enjoy collecting medals.
I have earned my share.
I take immense pride
in being a capable soldier.
But, mostly, my Beastborg
and I take pride
in wiping out our opponents!
Panther Predator, Quasar Beam!
Well done, soldier,
but I think we need to
power you up even more.
By sending Beastborg Medal of
The Blade to the graveyard,
you gain 100 attack points
for each of its medals
for a total of 1,000 attack
points.
Now it's got 3,000.
Declan's in trouble.
That Panther can extinguish
his Flame King.
Panther, engage the enemy.
Cyber Panther Slash!
(roars)
(thinking)
Barrett's no ordinary soldier.
He has "special forces"
written all over him.
I'd make the most of this next
turn, it will be your last.
And don't forget,
your Contract with the Swamp
King is still in effect.
The moment you draw your card
to start your turn,
its effect will weaken you
by a thousand life points.
I'm well aware of that.
You believe you have
the advantage now,
but the tide of battle can
always turn... and it shall.
As you so thoughtfully
pointed out,
my Contract spell
has now come due,
and it will cost me
1,000 life points.
Your willingness
to take damage
makes you worthy of
one of my medals.
I appreciate the offer.
But the only award I care about
is complete victory over you,
and I'm going to win that
right now.
How's that?
Allow me to demonstrate.
First, I'll set
the Pendulum Scale
with Scale One Double D
Savant Kepler
and Scale 11 Double D
Savant Galilei.
Behold as they now work
their wizardry.
You won't believe your eyes.
I can now summon monsters from
Level two through nine
at the same time.
The energy of the universe
swings between the forces of
darkness and of light.
I shall now harness the power of
this eternal oscillation.
I Pendulum Summon and call upon
my two monsters to emerge.
First, the majestic warrior
Double D Proud Chevalier!
And then the vessel that locks
away the forces of chaos,
Double D Pandora!
What's a Pendulum Summon?
How'd you do that?
Quite easily.
For my final step,
I overlay both monsters
in order to build
the Overlay Network.
When this duel started,
you expected to steamroll me
into submission.
Little did you realize
the war you waged
was one you could never win.
I now Xyz Summon.
Triple D Marksman King Tell.
I'll use its special ability.
When I take damage
from a Contract
by using one Overlay Unit,
not only will your Monster
lose 1,000 attack points,
you'll also suffer
1,000 points of damage.
So you made that Contract
knowing that it would
hurt me instead.
Electrostatic Arrow.
Aah!
(Declan)
And since I still have one
Overlay Unit remaining,
I'll use that, too.
Electrostatic Arrow!
Ready for more surprises?
As it happens, my Contract
has another effect.
By banishing monsters from my
graveyard,
I can summon another
Fusion Monster
without using a fusion
spell.
Another one?
By banishing Proud Chevalier
and Pandora,
I will create a monster that
will seal your fate.
I Fusion Summon.
Cast your eyes upon
the winged fiend
destined to defeat your
Beastborg.
Triple D Oracle King d'Arc.
Now take flight and wipe out
his Beastborg.
Strike the final blow.
Not gonna happen.
I activate my trap card
Beastborg Medal of Honor.
By destroying my Panther
Predator, I can summon
the two monsters that were fused
together to create it.
Panther Predator,
you served me well.
By giving one up for the team,
you let me bring back Panther
Warrior and Dark Sentinel.
Medal of Honor
has another effect.
One that's gonna be
a real game changer.
We both take damage equal to my
monsters' total attack points.
I won't survive the damage,
but neither will you.
We're going down together!
(Barrett)
A bold move,
but it won't work.
I activate Triple D Oracle King
d'Arc's special ability.
Instead of taking damage,
I gain life points equal to that
amount instead.
Existential Escalation.
Now that I feel rejuvenated,
I can finish what I started.
No!
Our battle resumes.
Oracle King, attack!
Imperial Onslaught.
One last attack.
King Tell, take aim
at Dark Sentinel.
Ionic Arrow Strike.
(Nico Smiley)
Zuzu Boyle put up a valiant
struggle this afternoon,
but it looks like her duel
withMicky Starlett is all but
over.
We'll see about that.
(thinking) As long as I have
a single life point left,
there's still a chance.
I'll show this crowd what it
means to win the You Show way.
I draw!
Crystal Rose, this is
your moment to shine.
And I can treat this Rose
like another monster,
so it will be standing
in for Mozarta.
That's flower power.
Go, Zuzu!
(Yuto)
Keep the world entertained
and smiling.
Ladies, merge your voices.
Together you'll sing a
sensational duet
that will form an even more
melodious monster.
I Fusion Summon...
Bloom Diva,
the Melodious Choir!
Spectacular.
What a gorgeous Monster.
(thinking)
They seem so happy, and all that
because of Zuzu.
I gotta get back to dueltaining
like I know I can and make
the world smile.
Time to face the music, Micky.
Bloom Diva, belt one out.
Attack Wingweaver.
Wrecking Refrain.
Aah! But what
about my encore?
(Nico Smiley)
Well, trim my sideburns.
I was ready to give Zuzu
the hook,
but she went diva
and stole the duel.
She's the comeback queen
of our tournament.
Yay, for Zuzu!
That was so... dueltaining.
(chuckling)
(Barrett groaning)
Don't be leaving so soon.
I have a tale that
you might want to hear
that will change everything
you believe in.
♪